TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[wind blowing]
[gear clatters]
[Grim Comet rumbling]
‐ Blasting Barrage!
‐ Meido Zangetsuha!
‐ [roaring]
[roars fade]
‐ [snoring]
ZERO: The threat
of the Grim Comet has passed.
And it's all thanks
to the both of you.
‐ Kirinmaru deserves
the bulk of the credit.
I'm merely here
to provide support.
‐ You are too modest.
He sleeps so carelessly.
‐ That's only because he knows
you're here looking after him.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Flattery will get you nowhere.
‐ Now then, it's time I return
to the Western Province.
Farewell, Lady Zero.
‐ My Lord.
‐ Hmm?
‐ I sometimes ask myself
how long our kind
must continue this existence.
‐ I wonder. Perhaps we are fated
to journey down an endless path.
Who knows where it will take us?
‐ Where, indeed?
Do you think we'll ever see
what awaits us in the end?
‐ No matter where this leads us
or what sort of fate
lies ahead of us...
please don't let that stop you
from being who you are,
Lady Zero.
[animal howls]
‐ So it's OK for me
to be who I am.
‐ [murmurs]
[snoring]
‐ I will take
your words to heart...
My Lord.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Stolen Seal."
[breeze blowing]
‐ A! A! A!
[birds chirping]
‐ To endure the one‐thousand‐day
training is worth praise.
MIROKU: Can I help you, miss?
‐ My name is Otsuyu.
I was hoping
you could provide me
directions
toward the right path.
‐ The right path?
‐ "Meet an arhat,
then slay the arhat.
"Meet your parents,
then slay your parents.
Know that the light
to your path lies therein."
‐ Who or what are you?
You don't seem to be human.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Nor do you seem
to have demon powers,
so you're not an apparition.
‐ Well, I could be both,
a charming enchantress,
so to speak.
‐ Oh, no.
I already know what would happen
if I called you charming
in front of Sango.
What is your true purpose
for being here, if I may ask?
‐ Allow me
to be straightforward.
I'd like you to release the seal
that was placed
on the half‐demon girl.
‐ Huh?
Wait. Do you mean Setsuna?
And if I refuse to be of help?
‐ Then I will force you.
‐ [scoffs]
You're definitely trouble.
‐ Monk Miroku,
I can so easily understand
what's in your heart.
‐ You train in name only.
‐ [gasps]
‐ The truth is, you still seem
to long for your Wind Tunnel.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Azusa no Yumihari!
‐ [groans]
This webbing...
it's a spider demon's silk!
I thought
you didn't have demon powers.
Lend me the fruits
of your training
so I may break the seal
and unleash her power.
‐ Curse me
for being so weak‐minded.
‐ There's no need to be
so hard on yourself.
"Whatever choices
we may find ourselves making,
we will never know whether
we end up in Heaven or Hell."
At least, that's what
you monks love to say.
‐ [groans]
[birds chirping]
[Towa sighs]
I wonder, what is this feeling?
It's definitely not
the same kind of feeling I get
when Papa Sota hugs me.
‐ Towa, is everything alright?
‐ Uh, mm‐hmm.
Yeah, everything's just fine.
MOROHA: What are
you two doing here?
TOWA: Moroha.
‐ I already gave you your share
of Totetsu's bounty.
What else do you want?
‐ That's not why we're here.
From what I've heard,
Mr. Jyubei knows
of a very skilled
blade sharpener
who lives around here.
‐ [laughs]
What do you need
with a blade sharpener?
‐ My naginata, it feels
like it's lost some of its edge.
‐ Ah, I see, yes.
So that's how it is.
‐ [yelps]
‐ What are you doing?!
‐ I was just trying
to inspect it
so I could do my job properly.
‐ Hold on. "Your job"?
‐ [laughs]
Since you asked,
the blade sharpener
that Mr. Jyubei was going to
introduce you to is yours truly!
‐ No way!
You can even sharpen blades?!
‐ You bet!
Whatever needs doing,
I'll get it done!
I'm a jack‐of‐all‐trades.
[waves lapping]
[ship creaking]
ZERO: Where'd you
get that scratch?
‐ Hello, Sister.
‐ Don't tell me
Sesshomaru's daughters
are the ones responsible.
‐ [scoffs]
Believe it or not, yes.
But they're still pups whose
fangs have yet to fully grow.
They could barely face me,
let alone fulfill the prophecy.
‐ Really? Is that so?
‐ Speaking of, Sister‐‐
‐ Don't stop me.
I'm only going out
for a little walk.
‐ Try not to get
too carried away.
‐ Oh, so you have
no regard for my safety?
‐ I simply mean we should wait
for them to gain
a bit more experience.
‐ You don't know anything,
do you, Kirinmaru?
The true extent of those girls'
powers has been sealed away.
‐ I do know.
You speak of his blood
that she inherited, yes?
Even so,
she could barely control
the Great Dog‐Demon's power.
She is still
far from mastering it.
‐ You're talking about
the quarter‐demon girl.
I was actually referring
to the half‐demons.
‐ What about them?
‐ If the seal
were to be released,
even you wouldn't get away
with only a scratch.
I'll see what I can find out
during my walk.
[door closes]
[blade grinds]
‐ Hmm.
‐ This isn't going so well.
‐ Give it back.
I knew you wouldn't be able
to handle it after all.
‐ Hey! This is
my professional opinion!
I'm the best blade sharpener
around here!
Anyone else would tell you
the same thing I did.
‐ Alright.
Then why isn't it going well?
‐ Well, how should I know?
You might even
be the reason, Setsuna.
Your demon blood
could be getting stronger.
The sealed poison is probably
what's affecting its sharpness.
‐ Are you saying
that I should consult
with Monk Miroku instead?
‐ Yeah, maybe.
I told you I'm a professional.
You can't go blaming me
for everything.
‐ No, I'm still pretty certain
you're just not as skilled
as you think you are.
‐ [sputters] Oh, yeah?
[growls]
Well, the only thing
cute about you
‐ is your cute face!
‐ TOWA: Give it a rest.
‐ [market chatter]
‐ Can't beat our prices!
SETSUNA: Unbelievable!
No one in this town is a better
sharpener than me. Seriously!
[Towa chuckles]
Eh? Huh?
‐ [hoarse] Would you be
interested in one of my apples?
‐ Uh, I'm sorry. Who are you?
‐ My name is Otsuyu.
Well met, young lady.
I am but
a humble apple merchant.
‐ Hey, Towa, what's the holdup?
Come on!
Let's get going already.
‐ After selling apples
all day...
[normal]
I'm starting to lose my voice.
[wind howling]
‐ [gasps]
Cold. A snowstorm?
‐ You and I are alone here,
sharing this world together.
Now let's make
a pinky promise.
‐ [sighs]
ZERO: You did well, Riku.
‐ [gasping]
‐ Without the Silver Pearl
protecting her,
she will easily
fall under my spell.
‐ [sighs]
‐ Towa, seriously! Let's go.
Just what is that girl
doing over there?
‐ Wait! Something's not right.
What's wrong, Towa?
‐ Huh? Oh, Setsuna.
Sorry. I just...
‐ [gasps]
‐ Get the hell away from Towa!
[Zero laughs]
‐ [gasps]
Those eyes...
why do they look so familiar?
‐ [villagers murmuring]
‐ Towa.
Huh?
SETSUNA: I know
I've seen them before,
but where?
MOROHA: Hey!
‐ [gasps]
Towa, what's wrong? Talk to me!
‐ [groans] I don't feel so good.
‐ [gasps]
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
‐ I don't know, Setsuna.
What am I doing?
‐ Good girl.
Keep hold of her just like that.
[Setsuna grunting]
Let go! Please!
‐ If you come any closer,
I'll slice you in half!
‐ Go on, then. Draw your sword.
But know that if you kill me...
you will also be killing Towa.
Our lives are entwined together.
[laughs]
‐ [sputters]
‐ Foolish child.
Towa's not the only one
whose life
is tethered to my own.
I wonder...
just how many people would die
if I were to be killed?
MOROHA: Who the hell are you?!
[Setsuna grunting]
It can't be!
‐ Yes.
It's exactly as you think.
‐ You have to let me go, Towa!
‐ Rin, Pyo, To, Sha, Kai,
Jin, Retsu, Zai, Zen...
Release!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [heart beats]
[wails]
‐ Setsuna?
‐ [gasping]
[screams]
[panting]
[Zero laughs]
Now the seal has been released.
[Setsuna gasping]
[screams]
[panting]
[Zero laughs]
Now the seal has been released.
‐ [grunting]
‐ Special delivery!
‐ Kin'u?
‐ Sorry, Father.
Did I catch you at a bad time?
I didn't know you were
so wrapped up in your training.
‐ Does it look
like I'm training to you?
‐ Maybe. [laughs]
‐ Stop joking around,
and help me get out of this!
We have to hurry.
There isn't much time.
It's Setsuna.
Setsuna's in danger!
‐ [growling]
That's right.
I saw those eyes
when I was a child.
ZERO: I've finally found you...
half‐demon girls.
SETSUNA: Those eyes
were watching me,
gazing at me through my dreams.
It was her.
All of it,
everything's her fault!
‐ Damn you.
You're no ordinary human!
‐ That's right.
In fact, I'm not a human.
Otsuyu isn't even my name.
My name is...
‐ [yelps]
‐ Zero,
Kirinmaru's older sister.
‐ Kirinmaru's sister?!
‐ No way.
‐ [panting]
I'll kill you.
‐ Setsuna.
‐ [laughs]
Now that's impressive.
You can still
tell the difference
between enemy and ally.
But it's only a matter of time.
Your seething blood
will let loose a demonic frenzy.
Sever.
‐ Towa!
[yells]
So you've revealed
your true form.
[villagers screaming]
‐ All the more reason
to finish you!
Take this!
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ Hah! Your attack lacks spirit.
‐ No way!
‐ Crimson Dragons
favor white clouds.
It will refuse to obey the will
of a novice such as you.
‐ How's it going, everybody?
Huh? Whoa, Setsuna,
you're looking a little green.
‐ Get away from me now!
‐ [yelps]
MOROHA: Then try
and handle this!
Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
‐ Your spirit power
is disorderly.
Hah!
‐ What?
‐ [sighs] No wonder
Kirinmaru went so easy on you.
I suggest
you redo your training.
‐ [wind howls]
‐ Damn it!
She got away.
You OK, Towa?
‐ [gasps] Yeah, sorry. I'm fine.
Where's Setsuna?
‐ [Takechiyo yells]
‐ Uh...
‐ Help me! [gasps]
Please! Somebody!
‐ [snarls]
[Moroha grunts]
[heart beats]
[growls]
‐ You're not hurt,
are you, Takechiyo?
‐ Just keep her away from me!
‐ [screams]
[grunts]
‐ [squeals]
‐ Not good!
She's gone berserk,
like when I turn into Beniyasha.
‐ Calm down, Setsuna!
‐ [snarls]
[heart beats]
[breeze blowing]
‐ The flow of wind
has changed its course.
It appears she still
can't suppress her blood.
[hammer pounding metal]
‐ Hmm? [laughs] Well, well!
Looks like the kid's Blood Blade
is beginning to form.
[Setsuna growling]
‐ Sorry I have
to do this, Setsuna.
Just bear with it, OK?
‐ Are you going to hurt her?
‐ No. I'm going to see
if I can calm her
by absorbing her demon powers.
‐ Alright, got it.
I'll keep you covered.
‐ I owe you one, Moroha!
‐ [growls]
[dramatic music playing]
‐ So much demon power.
Please, Setsuna,
just let me absorb it
so I can help you.
‐ [growling]
[heart beats]
‐ Wh‐What's happening?
MOROHA: Get back, Towa!
‐ What the...
What is that demon energy?
‐ Setsuna.
‐ [growls]
‐ Setsuna! Wait!
‐ Shit. I've got no choice.
If I'm going to have
any chance of stopping her,
I need to go all out, too.
‐ Moroha! [gasps]
‐ Come back here, Setsuna!
‐ [grunts]
[growls]
[music playing]
‐ [yells]
‐ [growls]
[booming]
‐ Her demon energy...
it almost looks
like the Dream Butterfly.
KIN'U: Towa!
‐ [gasps] Gyokuto?
‐ Oh, I get that all the time,
but I'm Kin'u,
Gyokuto's older sister.
‐ Where's Setsuna?
‐ She's over there
fighting Moroha,
except I think Moroha's
going to reach her limit.
‐ This is bad.
‐ Looks like Father's prediction
has come true.
It's all up to you, Sister.
Can you do it?
‐ I don't have a choice, do I?
Besides, I'm pretty confident
in my sealing powers.
There's just one issue.
I don't know how I'm gonna
stop her from moving around.
‐ What do you mean by that?
‐ According to what
we heard from Father,
last time, someone named Shiori
was able to get ahold of Setsuna
and managed to calm her down,
but even then,
it was just barely.
‐ That's right.
Setsuna told me that also.
[grunts] I'll be
the one to calm her down.
Leave that part to me.
The only thing
you have to focus on, Kin'u,
is restoring her seal.
‐ You sure about that?
‐ Yeah! I'm the older sister,
after all.
Let's do it, Takechiyo.
‐ Fine.
‐ She's really brave, huh?
Unlike this other sister
I know of.
‐ [scoffs] You better not
be referring to me, Hisui!
[booming]
‐ [panting]
‐ [growling]
‐ [winces]
[groaning]
Damn it, Setsuna.
You're way too strong.
‐ [growls]
[groans]
[screams]
[roars]
[screaming]
‐ Setsuna!
Setsuna, please!
You have to calm down!
Please try to calm down!
[coughs]
[grunting]
It's me, Setsuna, your sister.
It's Towa!
‐ [shrieks]
‐ Come on!
Get it together, Setsuna!
[Setsuna gasps]
That voice.
It's Towa.
I can hear her.
She's calling for me.
‐ Setsuna, please listen to me!
It's OK! I'm right here!
You're not alone!
Your older sister...
is right here for you!
[hearts beating]
‐ [gasping]
‐ [sighs]
HISUI: Towa! Setsuna!
Sister, please hurry.
KIN'U: Meet an arhat,
then slay the arhat.
Meet your parents,
then slay your parents.
Know that the light to your path
lies therein.
Hup!
HISUI: Huh? Look.
That bruise on her right arm
didn't disappear.
That's odd. I swore
I did the spell correctly.
‐ [groans]
TOWA: Setsuna!
‐ Towa.
‐ Hey, you're OK.
I'm so glad
you're back to normal.
‐ Sorry, but I'm
afraid it's too soon
to celebrate just yet.
I can still feel
the blood seething.
‐ Setsuna?
‐ That woman's going to regret
what she did to me.
I'll return the favor
a million times over!
[mysterious music playing]
‐ [chuckles]
Nothing will ever stop me
from being who I am.
That is what you wanted,
right, My Lord?
Now then, all that's left
is to figure out
what to do about
the other half‐demon girl.
[jets roaring]
‐ It's getting
awfully close now, isn't it?
Interesting.
So the Grim Comet
still appears,
even in this era.
[people murmuring]
‐ [sighs]
What's this?
Well, now,
if it isn't Mr. Higurashi.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: We use remains from
Azusa no Yumihari to find Zero,
but Riku gets in our way.
‐ Would you honor me
with a battle?
‐ I got you now! Take this!
‐ So you've come
to return the favor.
I like you,
Half‐Demon Princesses!
TOWA: What's the meaning
of these inherited powers?
We'll discover the answer
through this battle!
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Three Princesses
Strike Back."
SETSUNA: You'll regret
underestimating
what I'm capable of, Zero.